CON-1594: Added troubleshooting section for 1password (#1870)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/1password-source.md

    "sourceType":"Universal"
  }
}
```

## Troubleshooting

After configuring your Source, you should check the status of the source in the **Collectors** page >  **Status** column. If the Source is not functioning as expected, you may see an error next to the Source Category column as shown below: 

![troubleshooting.jpg](/img/send-data/1password-troubleshooting.jpg)

> **Error Code**:  `401` <br />
> **Error Details**:  `{"Error":{"Message":"Unauthorized"}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Error Code**: `401` <br />
**Error Details**: `{"Error":{"Message":"Unauthorized"}}`
```

To resolve these errors:
- Make sure the Base URL matches your domain.
- Make sure correct API Token is used to configure the source.

> - If you're still seeing the `401 Unauthorized error` in the **Status** column, then regenerate the API Token by following [Authentication steps](#authentication), and update the API Token for the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're still seeing the `401 Unauthorized error` in the **Status** column, regenerate the API Token by following [these Authentication steps](#authentication) and then updating the API Token for the source.
```

    "sourceType":"Universal"
  }
}
```

## Troubleshooting

> After you configure your Source, you should check the status of the
> source in the Collectors page. In case the Source is not functioning as
> expected, you may see an error next to the Source Category column as
> shown below: 
> 
> ![troubleshooting.jpg](/img/send-data/1password-troubleshooting.jpg)
> 
> The following section details how you can resolve various errors: 
> 
> **Error Code:**  401 <br />
> **Error Details:**  {"Error":{"Message":"Unauthorized"}}
> 
> To resolve this:
> 
> - Make sure Base URL is as per your domain.
> - Make sure correct API Token is used to configure the source.
> - If you still see the 401 Unauthorized error in the Status column, then regenerate the API Token by following [Authentication](#authentication) steps, and update the API Token for the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring your Source, you should check the status of the source in the **Collectors** page >  **Status** column. If the Source is not functioning as expected, you may see an error next to the Source Category column as shown below: 

![troubleshooting.jpg](/img/send-data/1password-troubleshooting.jpg)

**Error Code**:  `401` <br />
**Error Details**:  `{"Error":{"Message":"Unauthorized"}}`

To resolve these errors:
- Make sure the Base URL matches your domain.
- Make sure correct API Token is used to configure the source.
- If you're still seeing the `401 Unauthorized error` in the **Status** column, then regenerate the API Token by following [Authentication steps](#authentication), and update the API Token for the source.
```
